
# Contributing guidelines

## Before contributing

Welcome to [Data Science](https://github.com/Developer-Student-Clubs-MMDU/Data-Science)! Before sending your pull requests, make sure that you __read the whole guidelines__. If you have any doubt on the contributing guide, please feel free to [state it clearly in an issue] or ask the community in [our discord channel].


### Contributor

We are very happy that you consider implementing Data Science for others! This repository is referenced and used by learners from all over the globe. Being one of our contributors, you agree and confirm that:

- You did your work - no plagiarism allowed
  - Any plagiarized work will not be merged.
- Your work will be distributed under [MIT License](LICENSE.md) once your pull request is merged
- Your submitted work fulfils or mostly fulfils our styles and standards


__Improving comments__ and __writing proper tests__ are also highly welcome.

### Contribution

We appreciate any contribution, from fixing a grammar mistake in a comment to implementing complex programmes. Please read this section if you are contributing your work.

Please help us keep our issue list small by adding fixes: #{$ISSUE_NO} to the commit message of pull requests that resolve open issues. GitHub will use this tag to auto-close the issue when the PR is merged.

#### This Repository's sole purpose is to help beginners and as well as experienced people contribute to Data Science and Machine Learning.

Some of the topics include :

Data Visualization

Data Analytics

Machine Learning

Image Processing

As a part of Hacktoberfest Code of Conduct no spamming or irrelevant PRs will be accepted.

### Coding Style

We want your work to be readable by others; therefore, we encourage you to note the following:

- Please focus hard on the naming of functions, classes, and variables.  Help your reader by using __descriptive names__ that can help you to remove redundant comments.
  - Please follow the [Python Naming Conventions](https://pep8.org/#prescriptive-naming-conventions) or [Cpp Naming Conventions](https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html)

### Other Requirements for Submissions
- The file extension for code files should be `.py` or `.cpp`
- Strictly use snake_case (underscore_separated) in your file_name, as it will be easy to parse in future using scripts.
- Please avoid creating new directories if at all possible. Try to fit your work into the existing directory structure.
- If possible, follow the standard *within* the folder you are submitting to.
- If you have modified/added code work, make sure the code compiles before submitting.
- If you have modified/added documentation work, ensure your language is concise and contains no grammar errors.
- Do not update the README.md or DIRECTORY.md file which will be periodically autogenerated by our GitHub Actions processes.

